come near you nations to hear and heed
come near you nations to hear and heed you people let the earth hear and all
you people let the earth hear and all
you people let the earth hear and all that is in it
that is in it
that is in it the world and all things that come forth
the world and all things that come forth
the world and all things that come forth from it for the indignation of the Lord
from it for the indignation of the Lord
from it for the indignation of the Lord is against all nations and his fury
is against all nations and his fury
is against all nations and his fury against all their armies he has utterly
against all their armies he has utterly
against all their armies he has utterly destroyed them he has given them over to
destroyed them he has given them over to
destroyed them he has given them over to the slaughter
the slaughter
the slaughter also their slain shall be thrown out
also their slain shall be thrown out
also their slain shall be thrown out their stench shall rise from their
their stench shall rise from their
their stench shall rise from their corpses and the mountains shall be
corpses and the mountains shall be
corpses and the mountains shall be melted with their blood all the hosts of
melted with their blood all the hosts of
melted with their blood all the hosts of heaven shall be dissolved and the
heaven shall be dissolved and the
heaven shall be dissolved and the heavens shall be rolled up like a scroll
heavens shall be rolled up like a scroll
heavens shall be rolled up like a scroll all their hosts shall fall down as the
all their hosts shall fall down as the
all their hosts shall fall down as the leaf falls from the vine and as fruit
leaf falls from the vine and as fruit
leaf falls from the vine and as fruit falling from a fig tree for my sword
falling from a fig tree for my sword
falling from a fig tree for my sword shall be bathed in heaven indeed it
shall be bathed in heaven indeed it
shall be bathed in heaven indeed it shall come down on Edom and on the
shall come down on Edom and on the
shall come down on Edom and on the people of my curse for judgment the
people of my curse for judgment the
people of my curse for judgment the sword of the Lord is filled with blood
sword of the Lord is filled with blood
sword of the Lord is filled with blood it is made overflowing with fatness with
it is made overflowing with fatness with
it is made overflowing with fatness with the blood of lambs and goats with the
the blood of lambs and goats with the
the blood of lambs and goats with the fat of the kidneys of rams for the Lord
fat of the kidneys of rams for the Lord
fat of the kidneys of rams for the Lord has a sacrifice in Basra and a great
has a sacrifice in Basra and a great
has a sacrifice in Basra and a great slaughter in the land of Edom
slaughter in the land of Edom
slaughter in the land of Edom the wild oxen shall come down with them
the wild oxen shall come down with them
the wild oxen shall come down with them and the young bulls with the mighty
and the young bulls with the mighty
and the young bulls with the mighty bulls their land shall be soaked with
bulls their land shall be soaked with
bulls their land shall be soaked with blood and their dust saturated with
blood and their dust saturated with
blood and their dust saturated with fatness for it is the day of the Lord's
fatness for it is the day of the Lord's
fatness for it is the day of the Lord's vengeance the year of recompense for the
vengeance the year of recompense for the
vengeance the year of recompense for the cause of Zion its streams shall be
cause of Zion its streams shall be
cause of Zion its streams shall be turned into pitch and its dust into
turned into pitch and its dust into
turned into pitch and its dust into brimstone its land shall become burning
brimstone its land shall become burning
brimstone its land shall become burning pitch it shall not be quenched night or
pitch it shall not be quenched night or
pitch it shall not be quenched night or day its smoke shall ascend forever from
day its smoke shall ascend forever from
day its smoke shall ascend forever from generation to generation it shall live
generation to generation it shall live
generation to generation it shall live waste
waste
waste no one shall pass through it forever and
no one shall pass through it forever and
no one shall pass through it forever and ever
ever
ever but the Pelican and the porcupine shall
but the Pelican and the porcupine shall
but the Pelican and the porcupine shall possess it also the owl and the Raven
possess it also the owl and the Raven
possess it also the owl and the Raven shall dwell in it and he shall stretch
shall dwell in it and he shall stretch
shall dwell in it and he shall stretch out over it the line of confusion and
out over it the line of confusion and
out over it the line of confusion and the stones of emptiness they shall call
the stones of emptiness they shall call
the stones of emptiness they shall call its nobles to the kingdom but none shall
its nobles to the kingdom but none shall
its nobles to the kingdom but none shall be there and all its princes shall be
be there and all its princes shall be
be there and all its princes shall be nothing and thorns shall come up in its
nothing and thorns shall come up in its
nothing and thorns shall come up in its palaces nettles and brambles in its
palaces nettles and brambles in its
palaces nettles and brambles in its fortresses it shall be a habitation of
fortresses it shall be a habitation of
fortresses it shall be a habitation of jackals a courtyard for ostriches the
jackals a courtyard for ostriches the
jackals a courtyard for ostriches the wild beasts of the desert shall also
wild beasts of the desert shall also
wild beasts of the desert shall also meet with the Jackals and the wild goat
meet with the Jackals and the wild goat
meet with the Jackals and the wild goat shall bleat - its companion also the
shall bleat - its companion also the
shall bleat - its companion also the night creature shall rest there and find
night creature shall rest there and find
night creature shall rest there and find for herself a place of rest there the
for herself a place of rest there the
for herself a place of rest there the arrow snake shall make her nest and lay
arrow snake shall make her nest and lay
arrow snake shall make her nest and lay eggs and hatch and gather them under her
eggs and hatch and gather them under her
eggs and hatch and gather them under her shadow there also shall the Hawks be
shadow there also shall the Hawks be
shadow there also shall the Hawks be gathered every one with her mate search
gathered every one with her mate search
gathered every one with her mate search from the Book of the Lord and read not
from the Book of the Lord and read not
from the Book of the Lord and read not one of these shall fail not one shall
one of these shall fail not one shall
one of these shall fail not one shall lack her mate for my mouth has commanded
lack her mate for my mouth has commanded
lack her mate for my mouth has commanded it and his spirit has gathered them he
it and his spirit has gathered them he
it and his spirit has gathered them he has cast the lot for them and his hand
has cast the lot for them and his hand
has cast the lot for them and his hand has divided it among them with a
has divided it among them with a
has divided it among them with a measuring line they shall possess it for
measuring line they shall possess it for
measuring line they shall possess it for ever from generation to generation they
ever from generation to generation they
ever from generation to generation they shall dwell in it